# Decred Wallet

The purpose of this test is to find out if there are any balance discrepancies in wallets and watch-only wallets.

### Environment
-	Decrediton-Linux
-	Decrediton – Windows
-	Android Decred Mobile Wallet
-	iOS Decred Mobile Wallet

The test consists of creating two wallets with different balances and importing an only-watch wallet for each one. The balances at the end will have to be the same on apps wallet.
Results:
iOS:


## Results
The balance of each wallet in Windows, IOS and Linux is the same.

## Annotations

iOS Wallet

-	When lock screen- stop synchronization 
- If you have a normal wallet and the same wallet but in watch-only mode, the balance is added together and appears on the balance sheet.
In other words, if you originally have 10 DCR in the wallet and import the same wallet but in watch-only mode, the app adds another 10 DCR and 20 appear in the general balance.

## Problems
Android Wallet

The Android wallet caused problems by following these steps.
1. Generate a new wallet or restore.
2. Wait for sync.
3. Stop synchronizing
4. Try to add a new wallet, import an existent wallet or import a watch-only wallet
5. When trying to end any of the three processes, the application closes and does not allow the following steps.

I tried uninstalling the app and the problem remains.

**Point to note: The first wallet created or restored is well, the problem is generated by trying a second one.
So the test for Android wallet could not be completed.**

## Balance Test
| Decrediton on Windows | Balance (DCR) |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Wallet 1 | 20.5737743 |
| Watch-only 1 | 20.5737743 |
| Wallet 2 | 7.72595 |
| Watch-only 2 | 7.72595 |

| Decrediton on Linux | Balance (DCR) |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Wallet 1 | 20.5737743 |
| Watch-only 1 | 20.5737743 |
| Wallet 2 | 7.72595 |
| Watch-only 2 | 7.72595 |


| Android Decred Mobile Wallet | Balance (DCR) |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Wallet 1 | 20.5737743 |
| Watch-only 1 |  |
| Wallet 2 |  |
| Watch-only 2 |  |
 	

| iOS Decred Mobile Wallet| Balance (DCR) |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Wallet 1 | 20.5737743 |
| Watch-only 1 | 20.5737743 |
| Wallet 2 | 7.72595 |
| Watch-only 2 | 7.72595 |

